---
title: Clickable Actions
---

The name of the CLI for Educates is as one might expect, called `educates`.
Running the CLI with no arguments will yield help on the major top level
commands and command groups. Run the command in the terminal of the workshop
session.

```terminal:execute
command: educates
```

If this is your first experience with Educates you may have typed in the command
manually, this however is not necessary and demonstrates the first bit of magic
that Educates provides to make your workshops simpler for your users to work
through.

The highlighed section showing the command to be executed is what in Educates we
call a `clickable action` block. In this case of a command we want you to execute
in the terminal, rather than typing it yourself, you can click on it and it will
be run for your automatically in the appropriate terminal.

Clickable actions like this in workshop instructions for a training system are
not unique to Educates, however other similar systems only apply them to the
execution of terminal commands or copying text from the instructions. In
Educates we use them for a much broader range of tasks, some of which you will
get to see in this workshop. So whenever you see a clickable action block,
rather than try and work out yourself how you should perform the required task,
just click on it.

**NOTE:** For clickable actions for such things as `commands`, if you wanted to
copy the command shown rather than execute it, hold down the `shift` key while
clicking on it and the text shown will be copied to your system paste buffer
rather than executing the command. You can then paste it to the terminal or
into another application if you want to capture the text for later.